[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> You want this young man
I'm about to bring out,
our good friend.
He's a member of this community.
He's here for us.
Listen to every word.
Enjoy this.
I want to present Conscious
Life Expo 2020, Mr. Emery Smith.
Emery, come on out.
[CHEERING]
>> Hey.
Thank you, Jim.
Love you too, brother.
Hello, everyone.
How's everybody today?
I see a lot of familiar
faces and some new faces.
Well, today, we're going to
go over some illustrations.
I've been working with Gaia
over the last couple of years
and with their sketch
artist, and I'm like,
there's no way they're going
to be able to like really
depict what I saw.
But like those criminal
guys with the police,
and they do the sketches.
I was like just sitting
there talking at this desk
for like an hour, and he flips
up the paper, and I'm like,
what?
Like how do they do that?
I'm thinking, man,
are they in my head?
I had a couple of requests
though, because I usually--
I'm a regenerative medicine
specialist, and a lot of people
have been asking for
me to show this video.
Before I start
getting into that,
I was in US Air
Force for five years
and active two years
in active reserve.
And was stationed at
Kirtland Air Force
Base and some other bases, home
of Sandia Labs and Los Alamos
labs, as part of some
compartmentalized projects,
while I was active duty.
But I was coming
under the impression
that the business I was doing
in these underground facilities
were actually controlled by
major, major corporations.
The government was
basically using the military
to protect these high end
underground facilities.
So these people
were paying rent for
these underground facilities,
meaning the corporations,
and of course, what better
place to have a secret facility
that a corporation
owns, or rents or leases
from the government, than
on a military installation?
From there, and my AFSC was
a surgical technologist.
I'm a surgical first
assist, and I used
to teach that in the Air Force.
And so I got this
moonlighting position.
They said, you want to do some
extra work, Smith, at night?
Or not always at night, but
it's called moonlighting,
any type of extra job that you
do that's not really affiliated
100% with the military.
And I said, yeah, sure.
I just wanted some extra
money, because Honda just
came out with the new CBR600RR.
I'm 19.
I'm ready to go.
I need some extra cash.
So I took it, and
over the course
of time, what has
unfolded was I thought
I was going to be doing organ
harvesting for fallen soldiers,
because that was one
of my specialties.
And after going
through the debriefing,
I realized that something
else was going on.
But I wasn't really allowed to
ask too much at the beginning,
and basically, there's
a misconception,
I did 3,000 alien autopsies
and that was not--
OK?
It wasn't like full body.
These are tissue samples,
and I was harvesting
just pieces of tissue.
And there were eventually
some full bodies
and limbs and things that
were coming back, after that.
So we're going to go
over some of that,
but I'm also known for inventing
one of the first tabletop
stem cell concentrators
and platelet-rich plasma
concentrators.
[FAINT COMPUTERIZED VOICE]
Confirmation complete.
Thank you.
So this happens now and then.
Contact work, we'll talk
about contact work as well.
But I'm going to go
into a story, when
I got out of the projects
and developed this system.
And I had a friend of mine who
was a manager at the Octagon
Wildlife Sanctuary, in Florida,
in DeSoto County, Florida,
near Fort Myers,
and I volunteered
there to do a lot of the wound
care and work on the animals.
Ever since I was a young
boy, and when I got out
of the military, instead
of scooping poop,
I was then actually
treating the animals.
And there was all
sorts of animals there,
lions and monkeys and
elephants and emus
and all sorts of really
interesting creatures
that were going
to be euthanized.
Because the zoos were
closing, and they
would take these animals in.
And I would go out there
and use my system on them
to heal their wounds or
their tendons, ligaments,
or spinal cord injuries.
And one day, the
zoo manager came up
to me, and his name's
David Weathers.
He's now called The
Cobra Kid for a reason.
He works with the Jackass
boys, the crazy movie,
the crazy show.
He's friends with them.
He's been on that movie
a couple of times,
and he's a real Crocodile
Dundee hardcore kid.
And he came up to me
one day, and I remember,
wearing a wife beater.
And he was probably cleaning
out the stalls there,
and he's all dirty.
And I was working on
one of the animals,
and he's like, hey,
Em, you know that stuff
you put on the tigers and the
lions that heals their wounds?
He's like, you think you
could do that like on a human?
And I was like, actually, I
developed this for humans.
I'm just out here
volunteering for you guys,
but yeah, we could do it.
What's wrong with you?
He's like a few days
ago, I was messing
with this monocled cobra,
and it bit me in the stomach.
And I got taken to the
hospital, almost died,
and Miami had to fly in
10 vials of antivenom.
And they gave it to
me, and I survived.
And he filmed the whole
thing, even getting bit.
And I was like, oh
my gosh, because you
get bit by-- an elephant
gets a bit by one of those,
and he's done like in
a couple of minutes.
So he got bit by this,
and I said, yeah.
I was like, where
did you get bit?
He's like, right here
on my belly button.
I was like, OK,
well, let me see it.
And then he pulls
up this dirty shirt,
and he's got this
makeshift bandage on.
And then he pulls it down,
and I was just like, oh.
I said, this only
works with live tissue.
It only works on a
tissue that's alive.
When I make platelet-rich
plasma, I take your blood,
spin down the platelets, and
concentrate the growth factors.
And then we make a gel out of
it and put it on your wound,
and it increases angiogenesis,
the formation of new blood
vessels, but that's
a whole other course.
And when I saw that his wound
was black and necrotic and dead
tissue, and it was oozing.
And his eyes were yellow,
and he was jaundiced.
I said, Dave, you need to go to
the emergency room right now,
because you're probably
going to die within 24 hours.
You need to get on
some antibiotics
and admit yourself
at a hospital.
I'm not touching you.
And I said, this has
to be cleaned out.
You've got to clean it out.
So he comes back, and
we're just were just
bantering back and forth.
He's like, do I have to really?
I was like, you
really have to go.
I said, go get all
cleaned out, and if it
looks good in a couple
days, or tomorrow, maybe we
can make this platelet-rich
plasma for you and put it on.
So next day, I'm working.
He comes back, and
he looks great.
He's like vibrant,
his skin's better.
He doesn't look jaundiced
at all, and he's all peppy.
He's like, OK, I did it,
and everything's good.
Maybe we can do that procedure.
I said, well, why did
you leave the hospital
in the first place, after
you got the antivenom?
And he's like, oh,
man, those doctors,
I don't give an F about that.
I can't be in there
more than 24 hours--
after his kidneys were just
shutting down from the venom.
And next thing you know, I'm
in one of the operating rooms
there, stalls, this is
when we first got started.
And I said, well, lay
down on the table.
Let's take a look at it.
And we took the bandages
off, and it was perfectly
cleaned and incised perfectly.
You could see down
to his intestine,
and it was just cleaned
out, and he looked healthy.
I said, OK, he's
a good candidate,
and we'll try it out.
So we took his
blood, spun it down,
and I'm making
preparing the graft.
And I'm injecting
this giant hole
that's about the size
of a softball in there,
because the tissue
just kills everything,
and as I'm injecting
this in him.
I know every doctor
in South Florida.
I'm like, well, Dave,
I'm really proud that you
went and did what I said.
Like who was your doctor?
And he didn't respond.
I look at him.
He's like, oh, man, Em,
I just couldn't do it,
but I went in the
back, in the vet,
where we got the penicillin
for the tiger and stuff.
I just injected myself
with a bunch antibiotics.
And I said, well, who
did your incision here,
and who did the
debridement of this wound?
He's like, well, I did.
I said, you did?
He said, yeah, I got my
scissors-- he's like,
well, I smoked a big
fatty, and then I
got my scissors
and a razor blade.
And I just went out,
and I went to it.
And I'm like, I'm going
to lose my license.
I'm going to jail tomorrow.
He's going to get
infected and die.
And I was just like,
Dave, you can't do that.
He just grabbed my arm.
He said, don't worry.
I used alcohol.
[LAUGHING] Talk about your
noncompliant patients.
So we did it, and I'll
tell you the rest of story
after the clip, what happened.
You want to see it?
>> Yeah.
>> OK.
[VIDEO PLAYBACK]
>> Worried about infection,
David went to see clinical
specialist Emery Smith.
Smith was developing
an experimental process
to accelerate healing called
platelet-rich plasma therapy.
A gel concentrate is made
from the patient's own blood.
>> The living cells, we'll
then get a scalpel or a blade
and we'll cut of specific design
to the patient's own wound
measurements.
And then from there, we'll just
pick it up off this Petri dish,
and we'll place it right
directly onto the wound.
>> Just one week after
receiving PRP therapy,
David's condition had
improved dramatically.
[INAUDIBLE]
>> When I looked at David's
wound on the seventh day,
and we took off that bandage, I
was very surprised to see that
the wound has come to
about 90% rate of healing.
[END PLAYBACK]
So we did it, and we did it
with his own healing factors
from his body.
We didn't use pharmaceuticals,
we didn't do surgery,
because you have everything
you need in your DNA
and all your cells if
you program the right way
and concentrate the healing
properties of your body
to heal yourself.
And that's why I want
you guys to know that,
because when we start
talking about the projects,
we learn a lot of
the stuff in there.
And they don't want
you guys to know that,
but you guys do
need to know that,
because it's available
now, now with PRP
and stem cells and
Alpha 2 macroglobulin,
all these amazing proteins
that you produce to heal.
It's just that because of all
this electromagnetic energy
around, we're getting
bombarded with chemicals
in the foods we eat, and in
the rugs that we walk on,
and everywhere.
But it's OK,
because we're tough.
Humans are one of the
toughest species that I
know in this whole universe.
And ETs look at us like we're
the superheroes, because we
can survive through
many things, and we can
adapt to many different things.
Yeah, 5G is coming.
Everyone's kind
of, oh, Emery, what
are we going to do about 5G?
Oh, not going to do anything.
It's OK it's coming,
and it's here.
It's not good for us, but your
body has an incredible ability
to adapt to that.
And there's ways
that we're going
to be talking about
that in the future,
of how you guys can do that
for yourself to increase
that energy field around you.
Right, Randy?
>> Yes, sir.
[LAUGHTER]
>> I feel honored.
It's the first time
you called me sir.
[LAUGHTER]
Randy Veitenheimer, homer
ladies and gentlemen.
[APPLAUSE]
He is my main mentor
of a very long time.
You'll see, if you're going
to stick around tomorrow,
we're going to have a show.
Him and I are going to be doing
really on stage amazing talk,
if you're here.
But let's get back into
this stuff, the fun stuff.
And it's kind like
a show and shell.
It reminds me of back in
kindergarten when they said,
hey, Emery, it's
show and tell day.
You got to bring
something from home.
Now, they didn't put
any restrictions.
I didn't read any restrictions
on that in kindergarten,
so I brought--
I remember going out to the pond
and getting my mayonnaise jar,
filling it full of minnows, a
couple of frogs, a couple farm
animals, bring them in there.
And of course, they're
all my duffel bag,
running around in there, and
pooping and peeing in there.
And I get up to the
table and break it out,
and chickens are flying,
and the minnows--
the jar fell on the
ground, and the minnows
are flopping around.
And she said, "Emery, you
pick up these animals,
and take them outside,
and let them go."
But, and that's what we're
going to do right now.
We're going to-- [LAUGHS] I
was a little eccentric child.
[LAUGHTER]
So there are these--
this is just one of the--
and Gaia, by the way, pretty
much all these pictures,
so you know, Gaia has
helped make it possible.
So thank you, Gaia,
for doing that for me.
And this is just
one of the opening,
but I like it, because
it depicts hallways,
and there's a lot of lit
hallways in the project.
So when I check in in
the morning, or night,
or whenever it is, the hallways
have lights embedded into them.
And you might be
working in Red 45 today,
so I'll follow the red line
when the doors open and go
to OR 45, this chamber.
And you just follow the line to
wherever you're supposed to go.
Well, it might be Blue 27.
So I like it, that they
put these lights there.
I mean, this is more '80s style
neon graphics, but you get--
it's more inlaid into the--
and in there.
And you do have
these types of suits
that people are
walking around in,
but they're a
little bit different
when you get into the rooms,
into the actual operating
rooms.
Now, I'm going to
be jumping around
from the bases that
are underground
to the extraterrestrials
that we've captured.
Now, this is a rendition
of an actual photo
that we will post
online here soon of a--
it's a bird type of
extraterrestrial.
It was witnessed by many
people during a CE-5 expedition
in Florida when we were
doing some contact work.
And it came right in, and it
had these types of talons on it,
and it looked like one of those
prehistoric dinosaur birds.
And it had this long head
on it with these big eyes.
And it came in, this
type of ET avian.
And there's many--
I know my colleagues
out there have
drawn these pictures
of their avians,
but I've never seen
that kind of avian
that my colleagues
have mentioned,
not say they don't exist.
But this is a true one with
wings that may or may not
be able to fly, but it was
actually standing upright.
But this kind of
gives you an idea.
And these are the eyes,
so you can see that it's
like a pterodactyl here.
And this is the head,
this is the nose.
This is-- and on the
on the actual picture,
it is-- you can't
see the wings fully,
so they did a great job
by just tuning it up
so you can see the talons.
And it was holding a device
which is not in the picture,
but like I said,
follow emerysmith.net,
and we're going to be
posting that picture soon.
And it had a cylindrical
item in one of the hands.
It was really interesting.
And it was witnessed
by over 30 people.
Now, these types of
geometric shapes you're
going to be seeing on here do
all sorts of different things,
and we're going to get
a little bit into that,
but most of these have
to do with making energy.
And I don't know
specifically how it works,
but I did visualize this
on one of the crafts
and also, in a
compartmentalized area.
And it had a blue
ball in it, and it
had this beautiful pyramid,
and it was rotating, this ball,
and giving off light, and it
was actually just hovering.
And a lot of the craft
have crystals on them
and also give off this light.
This is great.
This was one of
the first craft I
saw when I was about seven years
of age, and I walked outside.
Something told me to go outside.
It was around 9:30, 10:30 PM.
And I walked outside, and
I lived on a little lake,
and there was a dock.
And I remember walking out and
seeing this round orb come down
and turn into an oval.
And I saw these
three human beings,
human-like beings in it.
And they were very,
very albino looking,
but they looked like
people, like normal people.
They have weird ears.
And it was pretty
far away, about 100,
about 300 feet away, 100 yards.
And I just was just
mesmerized by this,
and looking at it,
and all of a sudden,
I started hearing
this communication.
It wasn't a voice.
It was just a knowing of
what they were saying,
and I was like, are you real?
And I was receiving
the feeling of yes,
of course we're real, and had
this really short conversation
going.
And then it just enfolded in
on itself, and it was gone.
So of course, I did
the right thing,
and turned around, and
walked into the house,
and banged on my mom and dad's
door while they were sleeping.
And I woke them up, and I
said, there's this craft,
this spaceship over
the lake outside.
And they both were
looking at me.
They said, OK, but just
don't tell anyone about it.
I said, OK, I won't,
and I went to bed.
Now, there's many
different types
of species in the universe.
And I was talking about this
yesterday with my colleagues.
And if you guys saw
me with Jimmy Church
on the panel the other
day, and I appreciate you
guys coming up to
let me know you're
a Pleiadian for an Arcturian,
or you're in Inner Earth being.
That's great.
I'm really thankful you're here.
And I'm serious about
that, because there
is a part of you that
is probably from there,
but these star systems have
trillions of stars in them,
so the Pleiades has millions and
trillions of planets out there.
So to say you're
from this section,
I mean, from this star is--
it's a lot bigger
than that, guys, OK?
So start thinking about
that in the projects.
We have sectors, so we
can split open Arcturus,
and open up that
system, and then
see all the suns
in that system, see
all the planets in that system.
So when they are
collecting these EDEs,
and they have an idea
where they're coming from,
they start numbering them.
So it'll be sector
whatever, 7,927.
And that's how they
start labeling them.
They don't say, oh, Emery?
Today, you're working
on a Pleiadian
who fell out of this craft.
No, it doesn't work
like that at all.
It's all numbered, and
it's very specific.
They sometimes have these suits
on, and sometimes they don't.
It's a very skintight suit.
It could be the same
color sometimes.
You would think it
would be like a suit.
Here's different colors.
But a lot of what I've noticed,
a lot of the attire they wear
is the same color as their skin.
It's like another
membrane that's
formed around them that we
found out through sound.
So it's not something
that has zippers
that you can take off and on.
It somehow forms
around them, and they
use harmonic frequencies to
form these suits around them,
and the suits are
alive as well, and have
all sorts of amazing
nanotechnology in them,
and regulate the body
in many different ways.
This is a famous one
that was very gelatinous.
And this being,
when it came to us,
the most fascinating thing
about this being is it
had to have a special--
these, our operating
rooms, are pressurized.
And it depends on where
the being came from
and its atmosphere
conditions on the craft which
they can measure by
flying a drone over it
or using a satellite.
So when a craft crashes, before
we even get there, we already
know what it's emitting, is
it a harmful area, is there
radiation, is there some sort of
toxin or chemicals in the area
there way before
we even get there.
And that's all
done by satellite.
They can see right now
what kind of termites
are living inside your--
and that's all public
information, by the way.
What kind of termites
are living your walls.
So they can zoom in and
see all sorts of stuff
and measure this density.
And this being, which
was interesting,
it was very gelatinous.
And I remember working with
another human extraterrestrial
during the tissue
harvesting on this being.
And it was one of the first
times where I was brought out
of the Biologics
Department and was
taken to the craft
of this being, which
looked like a like a--
you know the Jell-O
cakes with the molds?
It looked like one of
those, and it was red,
and it was very large,
about size this room
with a hollow center.
And what was interesting was
that the genetics of this being
match the genetics of the
craft, and it's a craft.
So at this time, when
I started learning more
about the crafts
in the projects,
we learned that they're
growing the crafts in space,
in the vacuum of space, and that
they have this genetic makeup
of the usually, the beings.
And I can tell you
some of the craft I've
been on are very conscious.
You are aware that the
craft is actually alive,
and it communicates in
many different ways to you.
Isn't that cool?
Oh, don't get into that one.
Now, this reminded me
of the pterodactyl ET,
because it had this
long protrusion.
And when we do the scans on
these things, on this one,
it was all honeycombed
inside and basically, hollow.
And they realized that that
was like a type of antenna,
like some of the dolphins have
in their skulls for harmonics,
and this is how they
communicated with the universe.
They're always connected.
They're very interesting.
I don't know where
they came from.
A lot of times when we doing--
when I get to see
something-- and of course, I
had to recall this
from 25 years ago,
that we're not really
allowed to ask, well,
where did it come--
people are like, well,
why don't find out
where it came from?
You can't ask that.
You're there to get a skin
sample, get a nerve sample,
and that's it, and not ask.
And the more you keep her
mouth shut every quarter,
you will get a bump up in
your security clearance.
So I started keeping
my mouth shut.
And if you don't keep your mouth
shut, you can get in trouble,
and I did get in trouble twice.
[LAUGHTER]
They used a scalar and
photometry device on me
that made me incredibly sick.
They did it after I signed
out of the facility.
And I was on my
mountain bike, and I
was actually riding
around the facility,
because I was being nosy.
This was at Kirtland
Air Force Base.
And I was wondering--
and it's that big mountain
there with eight fences,
and the dogs, and the
electric where they used
to keep all the nukes in there.
Anyone know what I'm
talking about over there?
Yeah.
So I decided-- and
it's a mountain.
There's a mountain biking
trail around this area,
but you shouldn't
go off the trail
and investigate that,
because the next thing
you know, I'm getting heated
up like a microwave on my bike,
and I'm still six, seven
miles away from my dorm.
And the time I got back to
my dorm, I was keeled over,
and I was begging
God to take my life.
And I was thinking maybe
that's what it was, that I made
a mistake, but I wasn't sure.
Maybe I just had appendicitis,
but it definitely
wasn't the case.
And then I became unconscious,
and I woke up the next--
maybe a couple hours later
in still not too much pain.
And then they called me in the
next day, and they told me.
They said, how did
you feel last night?
[LAUGHTER]
>> Wow.
>> And that was really scary.
So they said, yeah,
don't do that, Smith.
Go ride your bike
somewhere else.
So these reptilians.
There's made different
types of reptilians
that I saw that
I was exposed to.
The interesting thing
about these reptilians
is they have these pets.
And a lot of these
things you see
on the extraterrestrials
you think
is jewelry, or maybe a clothing,
or some sort of apparel,
and it's not.
It's actually another
living creature.
They have pets.
They actually have ET pets.
And this one kind of joins
together like a lock,
and then when it opens
up, it has its little cone
head kind of like a
snake but more rounded.
It has it actually
has a face on it.
And I don't know exactly
because it wasn't alive,
the one I've seen.
But I did see videos, ancient--
not ancient, but old
videos from before I
came on board that I was privy
to see many different types
of these ET pets that are
found near the crash sites
or attached to the
extraterrestrial.
So this kind of snake thing
was around this one here.
Oh, well, I'm going
to jump into portals,
portal technologies real quick.
I'm going to be jumping around.
So there's many different
places around the planet that
have energy signatures that
allow you to time travel,
or walk into
different dimensions,
or if the alignment is right
in the universe at that time,
that you can walk
into these areas
and then find yourself on
another part of this planet
or possibly, maybe
another planet.
Now, I cannot verify if
I was on another planet.
All I can tell you,
it was very different.
Some places actually looked
like maybe was inside the Earth.
But were there for
one thing, and that
is to collect specimens
and to get readings.
And we have these amazing suits
that are completely contained,
and everyone knows where
everyone's at all the time.
And sometimes, we actually
bring canine units with us,
too that have special
abilities to protect us.
We also have cybernetic
organisms and robots
that actually can go
through these portals,
and these portals are located--
some are man made that
are man made on top
of very, very ancient sites.
And they're trying to reproduce
what was already there,
and harvest that
energy electronically.
And we have teams of anywhere
from four to eight people
that go through these
portals to collect specimens.
And I was privy enough to be
on a couple of these teams,
and it was one of most amazing
things I have ever encountered.
So you have all this
equipment, and you
have to be really careful,
because most of the time-- now,
I never been to a place that
they have not already visited.
So they've been doing
this for quite a while,
so we get to see videos.
We get to learn about
what the makeup is
of the atmosphere, what you're
supposed-- what you can touch,
what you can't touch.
It's just a basic debriefing,
and many military people here
know before you go to
another country or war,
you get a big debriefing,
OK, of everything
about the country
so you don't go
around upsetting people or
touching the wrong things.
And the same thing applies
to the underground classified
facilities.
And it is a very--
sometimes, a beautiful
environment, and sometimes it's
very scary, too.
And these robotic-- which
we're going to show.
It'll be coming up soon.
But these little robotic
devices that come with us
lock into the ground,
and sometimes it
looks like a tripod.
And it connects all of us
together through a Bluetooth
system, so we all know what
everyone's heart rate is,
we all know where
everyone's at one moment,
everyone can hear everyone.
And you have to be careful,
because some places don't
have very stable ground.
And the stratas, it might
look like it's hard as rock,
and you will walk, and
someone just is gone.
They just fall through to
the center of the planet.
They're just gone.
So these things send out a type
of ground-penetrating radar
that's very advanced to learn
where we can walk soon as we
get there in case there are--
it does an evaluation,
basically, of the area
that we're investigating.
Well, here's another one
of these modified animals
that we have actually
did hybridization
on in the projects.
Now, they did take DNA from
many types of extraterrestrials
and humans and mixed it with
pretty much every DNA you
can imagine here on the planet
and has grown something out
of it.
And this was an
interesting type of canine,
because it had this bulbous head
with a transparent membrane,
kind of like if you
guys ever look up the--
what's that called?
The bottle-- the barrel-eyed
fish down in the water.
It's called a barrel-eyed
fish, and that's
what it reminded
me of, because it
has this clear little
membrane where the eyes are,
and they can look behind
itself and in front of itself
at the same time.
Really interesting
stuff, but we're
going to get into
that a little later.
And there's also
sorts of instruments.
This is like a double
[INAUDIBLE] a little bit more
high tech, and used for healing.
There were some other--
many, many types
of archeological
finds that we find
on these craft
or near the crash site
that are pretty amazing.
Now, I was not privy to find
out too much about this,
but I do remember what
it looked like when
they picked it up and put it
into this vacuum container.
A lot of the ETs do have, of
course, that five-star being.
We have a head, two
arms, and two legs.
The majority of them have this.
And depending on where they were
made or where they came from,
they have many distinguishing
characteristics
that sets apart
for classification,
and we use that to
classify the beings.
And we're going to talk
more about that as well.
And here's one.
This is just an example
of one of the ones.
Now, have you heard about
these underground trains
and these hypersonic
vacuum tubes, and maglevs?
This was another
similar one that we've
seen under-- this is
a rendition of it.
People were not standing
around in suits, by the way.
But this is just a kind
of a rendition of that.
And it was not a turbine.
It wasn't so much
like a turbine.
It was more of a light, OK?
It ran off of light.
That's all I can
tell you, and I'm
sure there's a lot of
electromagnetic anti-gravitic
devices down there
that I'm 100% aware of.
And I was with John
Lear few months ago.
You guys maybe saw that show
on Gaia, where he had the map.
It was great.
And he's like, oh,
yeah, I have the map
of the underground maglevs.
And I was like, really?
Because the only ones I know
about are from Las Vegas,
to White Sands, to Mountain Air,
to Albuquerque, to Los Alamos,
to Dulce, to Crestone,
to Colorado Springs,
to DIA, Denver.
I like Denver
International Airport.
Now, they have
these huge pictures.
What's going on under Denver?
It's like an ET.
You know, "Ee."
And it's like, what?
Where are you going to--
you going to hide something?
Where are you going to hide it?
In plain Sight And it's funny
they're making jokes about it,
but it's real.
So anyway, going back to
Los Alamos, Dulce, Crestone,
Colorado Springs,
and Denver, that's
the only one I can
firsthand verify
that they do have these
underground maglev
trains and other different
types of ways of traveling now,
and that was a long time ago, so
I'm sure it's a lot cooler now.
800 miles an hour is the
ones that I was exposed to.
They have ones now
that I heard they
can get from here to Australia
in, I think, 20, 30 minutes.
>> Wow.
>> Yeah, because it goes
through the center of the Earth,
and there and there's
no heat at all.
It's a new type of technology.
Well, here's a nice character.
He's dressed very nice.
It's funny.
Sometimes when I'm explaining
to the character, when
they're doing the sketches
and I'm like, yeah, that's it.
And then they'll call me two
days later like, well, wasn't
he wearing a suit or something?
I'm like, no, he wasn't.
He was like, he didn't have it?
Well, we can't just keep showing
all these naked bodies forever.
[LAUGHTER]
And I'm like, well,
what do you mean?
I can't lie about
it or embellish.
I mean, they don't
usually have stuff.
But there are ETs, of
course, that do have apparel,
but not this Prada zip up.
[LAUGHTER]
The Moss Man.
I get a lot of
heat for this one.
And they had a being
kept in captivity,
and this is in New Mexico as
well, that was very human-like,
and it grew moss on it.
And you couldn't
really see the face,
because I'm not even
sure if it had one.
But it was conscious,
and it was telepathic.
And they do have--
there's also a lot
of ETs that work
with us in the governments,
in the projects.
And then there's other ones
that are kept in captivity,
and I don't know why.
They might be studying
them, doing experiments.
But this is completely plant
based with human genetics.
Well, you guys know this guy.
That's the Atacama being where--
there's another.
Did a CAT scan.
I was with CSETI for many
years with my colleague.
You guys know him.
And he asked me to
come along to Barcelona
to extract some genetics
from the small being
that they found in
the Atacama Desert.
And that was kind of my thing,
so I said, sure, let's do it.
And you can see them in
"Sirius," the documentary.
But these are some
original pictures
of me collecting some bone
marrow from the rib cage.
And I also was scraping
the inside of the skull
to get some samples and smuggle
them back to the United States.
Now I know why he
asked me to do it.
He's a smart guy.
So here we are, working.
That's me and Dr. Jan
Bravo there assisting
and getting the area ready.
And here's another
reptilian, and there's
many different kinds.
There's not just one.
It's like, is there just
one of us here on Earth?
The races are so
diversified, and people
need to realize that just
like we're so diversified here
on planet Earth,
imagine what's going on
out there in the solar system.
People are intermingling,
beings are intermingling.
We're going to do a little Q&A
right at the end, but go ahead.
>> Thank you.
>> Yeah, that's
a great question.
She said, "How do they
reproduce to make that diverse?"
well, they all, most
all of these beings
that I was involved with,
have reproductive systems,
and they can do it
just like we do it, OK?
They do have sexual organs.
Some are inside the
body though, that you
don't see, like this one.
But there are orifices
in these bodies.
I think there's going to be
some other pictures coming up
that-- we'll show that, where
their appendages will come out
or sexual organs will come out.
And then there's other
ways they can do it
through chemicals
through their skin,
so it's pretty fascinating.
One of the most
fascinating ETs I saw was--
she had a four-quadrant uterus,
and they only give birth once
in their lifetime,
four children.
Amazing.
And we had a craft
that went down,
and there was multiple
of these beings in there,
and some of them
actually had beings
gestating in the quadrant,
four quadrants of the uterus.
Live action.
Look at this.
Whoa.
[LAUGHTER]
Hey, guy.
Yeah.
They do great.
I like their artwork.
It's cool.
Oh, here's a craft
that went down.
And you're going to see.
I have another
picture of this craft.
But what's interesting
with this being is
it was breathing from a slit
right where your sternum is,
OK?
Right where-- not
the sternal notch.
Go all the way down here,
right to the bottom.
And it had this huge opening,
and this human type being
was actually breathing our
oxygen. And they were--
the medics there were
applying different things now.
So we don't go and bag and tag
them, and kill them, right?
Now, everything is
a good cleanup crew.
They go there, cover
up everything first,
try to do everything
they possibly
can to save the creatures by
examining what their craft
and what their atmospheric
conditions are.
And that's the
first thing to do,
is, of course, keep them alive
just like we do here, our ABCs.
And they were actually
applying oxygen
to this being when we got there
already through this orifice.
And it was really
interesting to see this.
Now, they did have a mouth, by
the way, but it wasn't used.
They weren't
breathing through it.
Now, in the oceans, they're
full of lots of bases
all over the planet, and
they're monitored by us.
Your governments know
about this, most of them.
And there's actually different--
and we have space forces,
and of course, we have the Navy.
But there's actually a special
different type of Naval force
that's down there, and we
build bases next to their bases
and next to their portals
and monitor the activity.
Now, to my knowledge,
there has never
been an incident
of negativity with
their underground facilities
and under base facilities.
Now, we have our own
underwater facilities, too.
And the way we make them
is, we actually tunnel
from mainland down into,
and under, through the rock,
in the oceans, and
build from the ocean up.
So we don't go out there with a
two-by-fours, and steel beams,
and drop them off in the
water, and go on there, welding
like they do with the oil rigs.
No, no, no.
We have much better
technology to melt the rock
with these
thermonuclear reactors
and get up, and then build
from under the sea floor up.
And they have these special,
amazing electromagnetic energy
devices that can move trillions
of tons of water out of the way
and prepare an area.
And sometimes,
what they do too is
they will build it right
below the sea floor,
and then dig the
seafloor out around it,
so it's already enclosed.
And the only way you can
get to these deep places
are through these maglev tube
trains and underground tunnels
that they have man made.
And some are not man made.
Some have been there forever.
Now, there are some beings, and
some call them the Aquafarians.
Pop culture term, but
it has been used before.
And when you're trying to heal
and help extraterrestrials,
the environment is
really important,
because if you just put me in
a room full of carbon dioxide
and you're trying to save
me, it's probably not
going to work so well for me.
Just ask David Weathers.
But this aqua being was a
water being that we got in.
And we have these special rooms
that are actually full of water
and pressurized at
certain pressures
to simulate so the
being can stay alive.
And then we can try to
help get them better,
and fix whatever the injury
is, or just to study the being.
And we have huge vats that
we keep the beings in,
the ones who have passed
away, and they all
have their own atmospheric
conditions in these giant vats.
I think I do have a
picture of that as well.
So what you're seeing is an
underwater operating room,
is what you're
looking at right now.
We treat even our above ground
operating rooms the same way.
They're all pressurized,
multiple-pressure doors
before you get in there.
And you have your own
little kind of space suit
that you're completely
confined to,
and it basically protects
you from any contaminants.
And it also protects
the patient or the ET
from us contaminating it.
A long time ago,
they had problems.
What they would do is, they
would find a crash site,
grab these ETs that were
dead, and throw them
in a big 55 gallon
drum of formaldehyde,
or alcohol, or something.
Then ship them to Nellis,
and then they get there,
and they open it up,
and it's just all Jell-O
because it's not the best
thing to store bodies
in on different
extraterrestrials
from different places.
You can't just dump them
in certain chemicals.
So learned the hard way.
And then they found out
that some extraterrestrials
have a defense system in their
bloodstream and in their DNA,
that if you're not on the
same frequency, that you
will destroy the sample.
So back in the day,
they would-- and I've
seen a lot of old videos of
scientists and technicians
like myself 20, 30 years
before I even came along,
that they showed us that they
would take samples, put them
in vacutainers, put them
inside these special containers
in the walls.
And they'd come
back the next day,
and it would be at all liquid.
And they didn't under--
it took them a long
time to figure out
that it had to do with
frequencies of the being.
So if you were not
the same frequency,
it was like a
self-destruct mechanism,
and it would destroy the genetic
code and DNA of that being.
So they came out with
this idea of inoculating
the people with the same
frequency and the same DNA.
So a lot of the
clinicians, including
myself and many
other doctors, were
inoculated with certain things
that would last anywhere
from a day to five days.
And it allowed you
to be near this being
and operate on it without
destroying the being.
What's really sad though, is
that a lot of these beings
actually could have been saved
if they were back on their ship
or back on their home planet.
And they have a resonance that
the beings travel with such
as, maybe a part of their
planet is made in the craft,
and it helps keep them alive.
We notice sometimes,
the further we
take the being away from the
craft, the further the being
deteriorates and goes
into cardiac arrest.
So we know that the ship
has something to do with it.
There's this connection
with the craft.
Doggy time.
So this is in New Mexico.
We're going to-- there's
another picture of this.
We're going to jump around.
And it looks like a picture
frame, a giant black picture
frame that you're
walking through.
And it's kind of just blurry.
It's not like this big thing
like you see in the movies
where you're going
through stars,
and it's not like in
"Contact" where you
have all this amazing light.
And it's basically just a
small blur as you walk through.
And what I've noticed
is this giant--
usually a pressure
change, kind of
like when you're on the
plane or scuba diving.
There's usually always a
pressure change of some sort.
Here's the suits
that we talked about.
They also have
exoskeletons, and they
do bring these special bred
canines that are hybrid canines
that they make in the projects.
The canines are
really important.
They're there for safety and to
help in case something happens.
And I'm going to show you
a video rendition of one
of the accidents that did
happen on one of the missions.
And they also have advanced
hearing and advanced senses
that we do not have, just
like our, of course, dogs
do today, but times
100 in the projects.
They're made to smell
certain toxins on your body,
certain viruses you
may be carrying,
something you may
have brought back.
These dogs are very strong
with their exoskeleton suits.
They could carry
two or three people
and drag them back through
the portal, if necessary,
if they were unconscious.
It's just a super dog.
It's a great pic.
Oh, there they go again.
Oh, here's-- these are these
types of robotic devices that
come.
Oh, and here's the
little portal here.
You see a little thing.
And it's very large, too.
So there's many times
where we'd come somewhere,
and it's just so surreal,
because you're used to the sky
being a certain color.
And one time I went
through, and the sky
was just a giant rainbow.
It was just-- the whole
sky was a rainbow.
It wasn't just all blue.
It was a beautiful rainbow.
And these devices
scan the entire area
before we start hiking
around, moving around
to let us know if there's
any other life forms there as
well, because we'd like to
know usually, what's going on.
But like I said, the
missions I've been on
were-- people have already
been on them many, many times.
So we were just going
back to these areas.
And here is the little
robot guy again.
They set up these dishes, these
little radars and antennas,
which may connect to
satellites they have already
put into wherever we're at,
and connect to the ground,
and it builds a virtual
map immediately,
and that's in your
heads-up display.
And so you know exactly
where you are on the planet,
you know how deep the strata is.
You know if it's
volcanic, if there's
going to be a volcanic event.
The animals, the
canines, are also
trained to pick up tremors.
And many-- there's
been a few times
that I've seen videos of
missions gone horribly
wrong because of an earthquake
that they just could not
prepare for.
So when you go
through a portal too,
it has to be the right
time, and the right
alignment with the stars.
It's not something-- oh,
we have a portal here.
We go in now all day
long, whenever we want.
They haven't perfected
it yet that way.
And we know recently,
because I was contacted
to go back, which I
was very surprised,
because I've come forward now.
And it's because
they have lost--
they had lost a team.
Bizarre landscapes.
There's been a few times
where I could not--
the sky looked too
close, so I think
it was more like we were in a
cave that was bioluminescent.
These come in on our VTOLs.
You guys know VTOLs are?
The Ospreys.
They're these planes that have
these giant rotors on them.
They can take up--
they can take our Marines and
Army guys up and shoot off.
This is inside one
of these VTOLs.
So these containment units
are flown in immediately
to the crash site, and we
put the beings in them,
and they're monitored.
Everything is
monitored, their health,
if they are still alive.
They have special
technology where
we can check their DNA and
their cellular activity
to see what kind of
atmosphere they came from,
so we can get the right
amount, mix of oxygen,
nitrogen, hydrogen, whatever
they need to survive in,
and to also keep the body
from deteriorating so we
can learn more about them.
But it's really
interesting, because you
might have 10 of these
VTOL aircraft come
in with these
giant vats in them,
depending on how many specimens
are at the crash site.
These are a type of
operating room table
we use in the projects.
They assist the clinician.
These tentacles come down,
and they can change shape.
They can hold instruments,
they can pick up instruments.
It's completely
artificial intelligence.
So it knows that
you need a scalpel.
It knows if
something is bleeding
that needs to be cauterized.
It's programmed through
an artificial intelligence
that they designed that will
make it out to the public
very soon.
You'll see this.
A good example of this
is the robotic da Vinci.
You guys know what
that is, the da Vinci?
It's a robot.
I was helping design some
instruments for them.
So the doctor can be in Dubai
and operating on you in Miami
with this giant robot.
So that's like, for me, looking
at that big, clunky, giant
device that weighs a ton, and
then seeing these things come
out of the ceiling to assist
you, and lift the body up,
provide traction so you
can see what you're doing.
Cool stuff, huh?
Are you guys still here?
>> Yeah.
>> All right.
There we go.
We got a--
I gotta jump.
I thought I had 2 and 1/2 hours.
Now, I showed this,
just because I
want to know if any of you guys
ever seen a craft like this.
This is a crash site.
I'm going to jump through
it, and there are some bodies
there.
I want you to stop
thinking of Hollywood
craft the way you guys hear
about it or even in the Air
Force craft like the triangles.
Step out of that comfort
level, and open your eyes
up to seeing things that
just doesn't make sense,
because aerodynamics do not
fit in play with spacecraft.
It doesn't matter what
it is, because it's
using its own electromagnetic
field around it.
Oh.
Well, because I'll tell you why.
When you come into
our dimension,
you fall under our
dimensional rules.
Now, you can be killed and shot.
Not everyone is-- not all ETs
are in a superhero fashion that
are bullet proof.
They still fall
under these laws.
So an interdimensional
angel being that comes over
here has to take the
form of one of you guys,
and you can trip on the
stairs and hurt yourself.
OK, there is another Aquafarian.
Look at that guy.
Whoa.
I'm going to cruise
through these.
And then there's another.
Oh, this is a portal that's
in the Atlantic Ocean
that they've been monitoring
for quite some time,
and that's our base,
and we're watching it.
And there's craft coming in
and out of that every hour,
and they don't know what to do.
So they're just
sitting there watching.
Oh my goodness, I would
just swim up there,
and be like hey, guys.
Look at that.
Whoa, coming in hot.
I mean cold.
It's probably cold down there.
>> Bermuda Triangle.
>> It is a little bit further
out than that, but yes,
there's another guy.
Oh, this.
Here's some craft, very
seamless that we've worked on.
So that a lot of these
craft have these giant,
long, elongated crystals
in the bottom of them.
And they are the power
source of the craft
and also, can help heal
the beings in the craft.
All right, let's go ahead and
since-- oh, OK, one last story,
then we'll do questions,
because we only
got a couple more minutes.
Do you want me to explain this?
>> Yes.
>> Yeah, yeah.
>> Oi.
This was supposed to be a video.
Let's see if we
have the video one.
Let's see if it will play.
So what had happened
was, on a mission,
we were out in this
desert-like area.
There was these giant
lotus-cactus things.
And we heard one of
our botanists screaming
and yelling, and we knew
exactly when that happens,
everyone goes into rescue mode.
And this plant which
actually, these tentacles
are not all the way out.
They're actually
shooting upward.
They just stay
straight like this,
but they can fold out
50 feet and grab you.
And what had happened was,
she was getting too close,
and it grabbed her leg,
and it was pulling her
into the center of this
thing to consume her.
We-- luckily enough, the
canine got there before us,
grabbed her.
And with our knives--
we have knives on us.
We actually dissected
the tentacle off
and brought the girl from
being swallowed by this thing.
Now, what was interesting
is, these plants
happen to be
precisely about three,
about 100 yards from each other
through this little desert
area, so they're
very territorial.
So they would eat each
other if they got too close.
>> Wow.
>> And we did find a type
of deer-looking creature,
skinless type deer in one of
the center of this thing being
digested in these
enzymes that it had.
And we had taken lots
of samples of this,
but it was a very horrifying
moment for all, for everyone
on that mission there.
OK, go ahead.
Let's do some
questions real quick.
Who's got the mic?
All right.
>> So with these giant
crafts that crash,
they don't all crash in the
middle of nowhere where no one
sees them, right?
>> No.
There's actually been
craft documented in cities.
They cover it up pretty well,
kind of like they covered up
the towers.
It happens, and then you hear
things about massive fires
starting in cities.
And these are not just
normal fires in big cities
that just come out of nowhere.
These are actually craft that
have crashed into buildings.
And the other thing too is, I
want you to get away from size,
because this whole room can
fit into a one inch little golf
ball here, because
we're 99% space.
And when you have that
interdimensional technology,
all I'm saying is, this
doesn't really exist.
You can shrink us all down into
one grain of sand in this room,
and we can blow it back up,
and that's how they travel.
>> Wow.
>> Good question.
>> Oh, hello.
Yes.
I noticed that a lot
of the different aliens
had some similar
features and stuff.
They look sort of
similar in some ways.
They had their differences,
but some similarities.
Is there some-- have they
noticed genetically if they
have a common--
>> Yes.
>> --ancestry there?
>> Absolutely.
I'm dying for them to
release the genetic bank
of these extraterrestrials,
and the plant life, and animal
life on other planets,
because what we have found out
through pretty much all the
extraterrestrials that I
was involved with in the
dissecting, that they
have human DNA.
And this whole thing about,
we have 98% junk DNA,
I know where it's from.
[LAUGHTER]
And that's what is
really so compelling is,
we are the extraterrestrials.
Right, Geo?
We're the extraterrestrials.
We have their DNA,
they have our DNA,
and that has to be released.
>> Yes.
>> They're using that
information to help make
weapons and to also help heal
over a longer period of time,
and it's not right.
So well, we have to put
that energy out there
that information gets released.
>> Over here.
Go.
>> Can you share your
understanding or opinion about
how extraterrestrial contact for
regular civilians is made apart
from somebody like yourself that
directly is in a program where
you are human to
extraterrestrial?
Some people believe that
their consciousness expands,
and then they put it
out into the universe,
and then there's a
dream of a Nordic that's
making contact or vise versa?
>> Yeah, you have to be
careful of this thing between
your ears, this
big thing of fat.
Your brain here can
take over, and you
can get side tracked because
of all the programming of what
you've seen on TV
or scary movies.
And course, Hollywood puts out
these evil extraterrestrial
movies every month, and it
doesn't need to be like that.
And once you know that you
can be fooled here, because I
don't trust anything now.
After what I've
seen, I know they
can make it look like
there's a car sitting
right there, casting a
shadow even in the sun.
And I can go right up to there,
and that holographic image
is that good that
it actually can
be palpable for a little
bit before your hand goes
through it, because
they know how
to rearrange the atoms, and
the photons, and electrons now.
So even though you think that's
a jet flying through the sky,
it's an alleged type of aircraft
or maybe just a hologram.
What I'm getting at is, you
have to free yourself from that
and be aware that
you are not alone,
and there are
extraterrestrials out there.
OK, just because our
government, the United States,
doesn't really want
you to know that,
but everyone else is
releasing their files,
and it's all online,
but no one talks
about the biggest
story on the planet,
because CNN doesn't
want to talk about it.
Sorry.
I shouldn't have
said that, but--
[LAUGHTER]
It's just, the media
is controlling it.
The best thing I can tell you
to do is find a quiet space
and get outside.
How many of you, in
the last 24 hours,
have actually looked
up at the sky?
Yeah, that's good.
You're in the right room.
[LAUGHTER]
So get outside, and stop
looking here, stop looking here,
and start looking up there.
And be aware, and ask
for communication.
Say, I am ready.
OK, you don't need
to say it out loud.
You can say it out loud.
Don't run out your neighbors
and be like, I'm ready.
[LAUGHTER]
Emery Smith said I'm ready.
No, you're ready, and
you're not scared.
Because I have a lot of people
we take out, including media,
and they're like, I'm ready.
We're ready.
We want to see it now.
And you get out there, and
as soon as something happens,
they're running down the trail.
You're not ready.
Are you're really ready?
[LAUGHTER]
You're not ready, because
we can't even get along
with each other on this planet.
And how the heck are we
supposed to get along
with someone else a few
thousand light-years away?
We need to stop
that and become one,
because we are all the same.
I can prove it with genetics.
Go ahead.
>> So it's a two-part question
I first was going to ask you
right here.
I was going to ask you
if you think that we're
being watched and protected?
And then the second
part is, when do you
think these healing technologies
are going to come out?
>> The healing technology
is already coming out,
ever since I've come forward.
There's always new technologies.
I know I've mentioned some
materials online and healing
technologies.
And within a year, we
see it in magazines.
So talking about it,
exposing it slowly
is a great way to do that.
Yes, we're always
being watched, not only
by the extraterrestrials,
but by my personal tracking
device here.
[LAUGHTER]
You're always.
There's no secrets
on this planet.
I'm sorry.
And eventually, even as soon
as two decades from now,
people will be able to go
on a computer mainframe
and come back to
this point, this GPS
coordinate off the
ground, and you
can listen to me
again and watch me,
and they're already doing it.
So if you think you're going
in the closet in the bathroom
and talking on the phone.
Oh my gosh.
Can you bring me
some toilet paper?
No, everyone's
going to know about.
There is going to be no secrets.
And communication is
going to get an up, up,
up-regulatory state here soon
when we start using telepathy.
And that's going to be the
biggest advancement for us,
because communication is what's
causing wars and distrust,
just because we can't
understand each other.
Yeah?
>> A two-part question.
One--
>> Did I get it all?
Wait, hold on.
Did I get it all?
>> Well, yeah, but when do you
think the telepathy thing will
come into play?
>> Oh, it's starting already.
It's slowly coming in.
I've been talking about.
There's a lot of other
colleagues out there.
There are going to be
courses on this soon,
and it's just a new
awakening for everyone.
It's a different
thought process.
Telepathy has to do with,
I can say something to you,
and you just hear one sentence.
Now, in telepathy, in
telepathy, you not only
hear what I said in your mind,
you see what I'm talking about.
You feel how I feel about
it, you see the colors,
you smell the smells,
and the sound.
It is the most
beautiful thing ever.
And many of you-- how many heard
my telepathy story with the ET
across from the
operating room table?
Yeah, I'm all excited one day.
It's Friday.
I got a hot date.
I want to get out of there.
And then he knows you.
Because when you go into a
room with an extraterrestrial,
you have to clear yourself.
Because if I just got in a
fight with someone at home,
and I'm really upset,
and I come inside,
and I'm going to work
with an extraterrestrial,
and I say hello to
them when I meet them,
but I'm so angry inside,
to them, it's hello!
[LAUGHTER]
So, because it's emotion based.
It's beautiful because
there's no secrets,
but it's also very direct
and very humbling to know.
Go ahead.
>> Go ahead.
>> Two questions.
One is, are you at
liberty to share
the name of tenants
for the military bases,
the names of corporations?
And number two, you mentioned
when they come here,
they pick up our qualities.
When we go there, do we
pick up their qualities?
>> Yes.
Being in any presence of any
extraterrestrial or other
person, you will definitely
take on the traits of--
and that's just normal
with us here, too.
And that's why there's
people that adopt a child.
And all the sudden,
the child starts
acting like the mom
and dad, even though--
and starts looking like them,
but they're not actually
biological parents.
But that's really your child.
As far as the corporations,
I don't talk about that.
But just look up some of the
top 10 aerospace corporations
out there, and they'll
give you a start.
And of course, the
banking corporations,
gas, coal, and oil, and their
communications is one of them.
Uh-huh, go ahead.
>> Yeah, so I have a couple of
questions with the regenerative
medicine--
>> Sure.
>> --and all that.
I would love specifics, but I
think you talked once about--
I think it was a Med
Bed that you went into?
>> Yes, the Med Bed.
Mm-hmm.
>> Are we going to be
able to have those?
I have a beam ray, and I can--
I have healed my thyroid
with my beam ray.
And that's like a real thing.
>> It's a real thing.
>> Yeah.
>> And they're getting
better and better at it.
These beds are coming out.
I mean, I was just talking
to a couple of my colleagues
just a couple of
days ago, yesterday.
And we were talking
about looking--
>> One more question.
>> --at what's
already out there.
And there's a lot
of corporations
that are coming
out with these beds
that you sit in
that use frequency
and harmonics to help
get your body realigned
and get back into the right
voltage so it can heal itself.
So it's already here,
and it's coming.
The ones that I've spoke
about in the projects
are a little bit further
out, but they are already 3D
printing organs, as you know.
We can 3D print a body.
>> Right.
>> So I think we're already
a good 300 to 500 years more
advanced medically in the
projects compared to what
you're seeing now.
And it's great that they're
coming out saying, oh, look.
We cloned this, we cloned
that, cloned a pig,
and put a pig with a human.
Now we got a pig boy.
Yeah.
But it's real.
It's on-- it's real
stuff that's going on.
Check--
>> What's a beam ray?
>> And then--
>> The sec--
>> What's a beam ray?
>> It's a plasma
frequency device.
It's light and sound, so it's
kind of under the tenants
that everything is frequency.
B-E-A-M R-A-Y. However--
>> Do you have a beamer mat?
>> No.
>> Oh, OK.
>> Yeah.
And there's a lot of
companies that make stuff,
but you kind of have to
know where to get it,
because I think--
>> But let's go ahead and
get it to another person,
because we only have
a couple things, but--
>> Just the second half
of my question was,
knowing everything's frequency
and homeopathy has frequency,
everything has frequency, I
would just love if you could
extrapolate a little bit on
your opinion of the mandated
vaccinations and knowing that
many of them have dog DNA,
other people's DNA.
So if you ask a kindergartner,
oh, if I put cat DNA in you,
is that going to
be a good thing?
They'll say, no, so--
>> Yeah, I mean, I don't--
>> --love to know your opinion.
>> Yeah.
As far as the animal
DNA being in you,
that's not going to harm you.
It's the chemicals and the
reverse-engineered genetics
that they have put in
there that's very bad.
There are-- I know they make
it mandatory, especially
for clinicians when
you work in a hospital.
We have to get these
vaccinations or we cannot work.
It's horrible.
When you go to school,
they require the flu shots
against vaccinations.
>> Thank you, Emery.
>> [INAUDIBLE]
>> Yeah.
The vaccinations are bad.
They've always been bad.
There's a hidden agenda to
wipe out certain lineages here
on the planet when they want to
by releasing certain chemicals
into the atmosphere,
that they just want
to take out a certain race.
And that's all-- we're all
exposed to a lot of this stuff.
But like I said, we're
very adaptive to getting
through a lot of this stuff.
And our bodies do fight this,
or absorb it, and turn it,
and you can transmute it.
And if you want to know
more about transmuting
your energies in your bodies,
we have Randy Veitenheimer here.
Come tomorrow or get him
after this little talk.
I'm going right now
to the Gaia Room,
and we're going to be
talking about the GaiaSphere.
Check this guy out real quick.
They're kicking me out,
but I'm I keep talking.
Isn't that cool?
Oh my gosh, I wish I could
talk more about this stuff.
I'm just going to zoom
through it, because I've
got a couple of things I do
have to say, because there is--
look at this.
Whoa.
Yeah, look at that portal.
Yeah.
Really appreciate you
guys for having me here.
And want to say, love you guys.
Thank you so much.
[APPLAUSE]
[MUSIC PLAYING]